SLEP019: Governance Update (#74)
scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals: slep019/proposal.rst

.. _slep_019:

===========================
SLEP019: Governance Update
===========================

:Author: Julien Jerphanion, Gaël Varoquaux
:Status: Accepted
:Type: Process
:Created: 2022-09-12

Abstract
--------

This SLEP proposes updating the Governance to broaden the notion of contribution

> in scikit-learn.

Reviewer: I think the other big item is that this SLEP enables governance changes without a SLEP.

Author: That's right, we should mention that. Is this mention informative enough?
```suggestion
in scikit-learn and to ease subsequent change to the Governance without requiring
SLEPS.
```

  changes to the main branches. These considerations should lead to the
  diversification of contribution paths [4]_.

Rather than introducing a fully new fledge structure and Governance, we
propose getting in a state which allows small incremental changes overtime.

Proposed changes
----------------

Some of the proposed modification have been informally discussed in monthly meetings,
namely on April 25th 2022 [5]_ and on September 5th 2022 [6]_ meetings.

Create a Core Triagers Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Create a Core Triagers Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub
[7]_ to be able to perform triaging tasks, such as editing issues' description.

Define "Contributions" explicitly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Give more emphasis to the notion of contribution at large (beyond code) in our
wording.

Define "Core Contributors"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To give decision power to members of our community responsible for the various
aspects of the project, we will list the follow teams as "Core" (associated with
the notion of "Core Contributor"):

  - Core Triagers Team
  - Communication Team

>   - Core Developers Team

Reviewer 2: Will this include the renaming to a "Core Communication Team" or will it still be "Communication Team" with the understanding that it is a "Core" team?

Author: Based on @cmarmo's first comment in https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#issuecomment-1281641626, we can probably having the following names:

```suggestion
  - Triagers Team
  - Communication Team
  - Core Developers Team
```

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Okay I think it makes it clearer, at least in the sense that the Developers Team is the only one that requires a Core distinction.

Reviewer 2: Does this mean we would no longer "Create a Core Triagers Team" in this SLEP?

Author: I think we will still need to create a "Triagers Team" as a Core Team while keeping the current "Contributor Experience Team".

I think fed0e9540ad765fd56a87481c8b4f92e95ade72e resolves this thread. Let me know what you think.

Author: @Micky774, small gentle up: does https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/commit/fed0e9540ad765fd56a87481c8b4f92e95ade72e correctly word what you proposed?

Extend voting rights
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Give voting rights beyond to all member of Core Teams.

Simplify subsequent changes to the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Subsequent changes to scikit-learn Governance (such as additions and changes
made to Roles' and Teams' scopes and permissions) won't be subject through SLEPs

> and will only be subject to a Core Contributors' vote.

Reviewer: Without a SLEP is voting for governance changes approvals on PRs that change governance?

Author: I do not understand your question. Did you mean the following?

> Without a SLEP is voting for governance changes approvals on PRs that change governance valid?

Reviewer: Oh wow, my grammar was bad. I meant:

> Without a SLEP, how do we vote? Do we vote by counting the number of approvals to PRs that changes the governance?

Reviewer: Also how do we cast a negative vote? I guess a "request changes" review since it has a different color compared to "approved".

Author: I think we can adapt the [the current decision process](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/governance.html?highlight=governance#decision-making-process) in this regard, namely (modification are in bold):

> At any point during the discussion, any **Core-Contributor** can call for a vote, which will conclude one month from the call for the vote. **Vote can** be backed by a [SLEP](https://scikit-learn.org/dev/governance.html?highlight=governance#slep). If no option can gather two thirds of the votes cast, the decision is escalated to the TC, which in turn will use consensus seeking with the fallback option of a simple majority vote if no consensus can be found within a month. This is what we hereafter may refer to as “the decision making process”.

I would word this adaptation and I would precise how to cast positive and negative vote as follows:

```suggestion
Simplify subsequent changes to the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Subsequent changes to scikit-learn Governance (such as additions and changes
made to Roles' and Teams' scopes and permissions) will still be subject to the
decision making process [9]_ -- which includes a Core Contributors' vote -- 
but won't necessitate being backed by a SLEP.

If subsequent changes to the Governance are proposed through a GitHub Pull Request (PR):
 - a positive vote is cast by approving the PR (i.e. "Approve" review)
 - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review)
```

with the following addition in references:

```rst

.. [9] Decision Making Proces, Scikit-learn governance and decision-making: 
    https://scikit-learn.org/dev/governance.html?highlight=governance#decision-making-process
```

What do you think of proposition? Should we word the vote process more carefully?

Author: @thomasjpfan, small gentle up: does https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/commit/fed0e9540ad765fd56a87481c8b4f92e95ade72e correctly word what you proposed?

> Subsequent changes to scikit-learn Governance (such as additions and changes
> made to Roles' and Teams' scopes and permissions) won't be subject through SLEPs
> and will only be subject to a Core Contributors' vote.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With acceptance of this SLEP, chances to the scikit-learn Governance concerning the following aspects do not require a SLEP:

- additions and changes to Roles' and Teams' scopes
- additions and changes to Roles' and Teams' permissions

Instead, they will only be subject to a Core Contributors' vote.
```
I would make this much clearer, e.g. the parenthesis should not be that essential. And we should exactly list/describe what changes we can make this way.

Author: This was added as part of d97e5995aef0811b57a23e21260d676dae74a157. Let me know what you think.

.. _slep_019:

===========================

> SLEP019: Governance Update

Author: That's exact.

[This original wording of the SLEP featured "Beyond Developers: recognize all Contributions"](https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/blob/abbc8f07817ff1f28d4a9e7643308de7168b3f39/slep019/proposal.rst#beyond-developers-recognize-all-contributions), which I think summarises the goal of this Governance Update proposal adequately.

How about this title?

```suggestion
SLEP019: Governance Update -- Recognize all Contributions beyond Developers'
```

> SLEP019: Governance Update

Reviewer 4: or maybe 
```suggestion
SLEP019: Governance Update - Better Recognize Non-Coding Contributions
```

> SLEP019: Governance Update

Author: :+1:
Just a small modification of your suggestion:
```suggestion
SLEP019: Governance Update - Better Recognize Non-Code Contributions
```
What do you think?

The ReStructured Text title frame will also need to be adapted accordingly.

> SLEP019: Governance Update

Reviewer 4: sounds good

  with tasks that will never get them on a path to any sort of official input,
  such as voting rights."

Desired Goal: incrementally adapt the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We need to:

- value non-coding contributions in the project and acknowledge all efforts,
  including those that are not quantified by GitHub users' activity
- empower more contributors in effectively being able to participate in the
  projects without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code
  changes to the main branches. These considerations should lead to the
  diversification of contribution paths [4]_.

Rather than introducing a fully new fledge structure and Governance, we
propose getting in a state which allows small incremental changes overtime.

Proposed changes
----------------

Some of the proposed modification have been informally discussed in monthly meetings,
namely on April 25th 2022 [5]_ and on September 5th 2022 [6]_ meetings.

Create a Core Triagers Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Create a Core Triagers Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub
[7]_ to be able to perform triaging tasks, such as editing issues' description.

> 

Author: I think we can include people on a case by case basis, following what exist currently for Core-Developers (a naming to be deprecated in favor of "Core Developers").

The practical ultimate goal is to have contributors involved on GitHub / in triage and that aren't/don't want to be involved in maintenance (like @cmarmo) have the proper permissions.

> 

Reviewer 4: I agree with the practical goal.

But if we include new teams to the decision making process and give voting rights, we should also have a proper way of vetting them before giving them those rights. And that process is not outlined in the SLEP here.

> Create a Core Triagers Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub
> [7]_ to be able to perform triaging tasks, such as editing issues' description.
> 

Author: Let's make it explicit.

Here, I propose also incorporating suggestions based on @thomasjpfan's recent thread on the internal mailing list regarding the for contributors' promotion's vote's period.

```suggestion
Create a Core Triagers Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub
[7]_ to be able to perform triaging tasks, such as editing issues' description.

Contributors are promoted as part of the Core Triagers Team Recurrent Contributors,
after the proposal of at least another Core Triager or another Core Contributor
and necessitates a vote on the private mailing list. This vote must last for
two weeks and must reach at least two-thirds positive majority of the cast votes.
```

What do you think of this proposal and of its wording?

> 

Reviewer 4: what is "Core Triagers Team Recurrent Contributors"?

I suggest something like: Members of the communication and core triage team are selected with the same process as core developers.

> 

Author: > what is "Core Triagers Team Recurrent Contributors"?

Oops, it's just a faulty copy-paste adaptation. Fixed.

> I suggest something like: Members of the communication and core triage team are selected with the same process as core developers.

This works for me. I guess it makes sense waiting for other people's opinion.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we just formalize that any promotion to a core team requires nomination from an existing core-team member + two-week vote?

> 

Author: I think fed0e9540ad765fd56a87481c8b4f92e95ade72e resolves this thread by incorporating changes proposed here. Let me know what you think.

> 

Author: @Micky774 and @adrinjalali, small gentle up: does https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/commit/fed0e9540ad765fd56a87481c8b4f92e95ade72e correctly word what you proposed?

References and Footnotes
------------------------

.. [1] J. -G. Young, A. Casari, K. McLaughlin, M. Z. Trujillo, L. Hébert-Dufresne and
    J. P. Bagrow, "Which contributions count? Analysis of attribution in open source,"
    2021 IEEE/ACM 18th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR),
    2021, pp. 242-253, doi: 10.1109/MSR52588.2021.00036:
    https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.11007

.. [2] Contributor experience, diversity and culture in Open Source Projects:
    keynote from Melissa Weber Mendonça: https://2022.pycon.de/program/NVBLKH/

.. [3] Reshama Shaikh's quote from Melissa Weber Mendonça' keynote:
    https://twitter.com/reshamas/status/1513488342767353857

.. [4] NumPy Newcomer's Hour: an Experiment on Community Building, talk from
    Melissa Weber Mendonça: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0XZQbu0xnw

.. [5] Scikit-learn April 25th 2022 Developer meeting notes:
    https://github.com/scikit-learn/administrative/blob/master/meeting_notes/2022-04-25.md

.. [6] Scikit-learn September 5th 2022 Developer meeting notes:
    https://github.com/scikit-learn/administrative/blob/master/meeting_notes/2022-09-05.md

> 

Reviewer 5: According to our brand guidelines, "scikit-learn" is always lower-case.
(See:  https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/blob/main/doc/logos/README.md)

===========================

:Author: Julien Jerphanion, Gaël Varoquaux
:Status: Draft
:Type: Process
:Created: 2020-09-12

Abstract
--------

This SLEP proposes updating the Governance to broaden the notion of contribution
in scikit-learn.

Motivation
----------

Current state
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

So far the formal decision process in the scikit-learn project is anchored on by
a subset of contributors, called Core Developers (also refered to as
Maintainers).  Their active and consistent contributions are recognized by them:

- being part of scikit-learn organisation on GitHub
- receiving “commit rights” to the repository
- having their review recognised as authoritative
- having vote rights for the project direction (promoting a contributor to be a
  core-developer, approving a SLEP, etc.)

However, there are a lot of other ways to contribute to the project, whose
efforts are actually not recognized. To quote Melissa Weber Mendonça [1]_ and
Reshama Shaikh [2]_:

.. epigraph::
  "When some people join an open source project, they may be asked to contribute
  with tasks that will never get them on a path to any sort of official input,
  such as voting rights."

Desired goal
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> There is a need to: - value non-coding contributions in the project and

Reviewer 6: Formatting issue here I think? Unless this isn't meant as bullet points?

acknowledge all efforts (including those that are not quantified by GitHub
users' activity) - empower more contributors in effectively being able to

> participate in the projects without giving the security responsibilities of

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
participate in the projects without requiring the security responsibilities of
```

.. _slep_019:

===========================
SLEP019: Governance Update
===========================

:Author: Julien Jerphanion, Gaël Varoquaux
:Status: Draft
:Type: Process

> :Created: 2020-09-12

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
:Created: 2022-09-12
```

.. _slep_019:

==================================================================
SLEP019: Governance Update - Recognizing Contributions Beyond Code
==================================================================

:Author: Julien Jerphanion, Gaël Varoquaux
:Status: Accepted
:Type: Process
:Created: 2022-09-12

Abstract
--------

This SLEP proposes updating the Governance to broaden the notion of contribution

> in scikit-learn and to ease subsequent change to the Governance without requiring

Author: Thanks! I will using another suggestion to integrate this suggestion whilst justifying the paragraph text.

> This SLEP proposes updating the Governance to broaden the notion of contribution
> in scikit-learn and to ease subsequent change to the Governance without requiring
> SLEPs.

Author: Integrate https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74/files#r1001888735 while justifying the text.
```suggestion
This SLEP proposes updating the Governance to broaden the notion of contribution
in scikit-learn and to ease subsequent related changes to the Governance without
requiring SLEPs.
```

Motivation
----------

Current state
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

So far the formal decision process in the scikit-learn project is anchored on by
a subset of contributors, called Core Developers (also refered to as
Maintainers). Their active and consistent contributions are recognized by them:

- being part of scikit-learn organisation on GitHub
- receiving “commit rights” to the repository

> - having their review recognised as authoritative

Author: Thanks! I've edited this comment to fix a typo.

- having vote rights for the project direction (promoting a contributor to be a
  core-developer, approving a SLEP, etc.)

> However, there are a lot of other ways to contribute to the project, whose
> efforts are actually not recognized [1]_. To quote Melissa Weber Mendonça [2]_
> and Reshama Shaikh [3]_:

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Core Developers are primarily selected based on their code contributions.
However, there are a lot of other ways to contribute to the project, and these
efforts are currently not recognized [1]_. To quote Melissa Weber Mendonça [2]_
and Reshama Shaikh [3]_:
```

.. epigraph::
  "When some people join an open source project, they may be asked to contribute
  with tasks that will never get them on a path to any sort of official input,
  such as voting rights."

Desired Goal: incrementally adapt the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We need to:

- value non-coding contributions in the project and acknowledge all efforts,
  including those that are not quantified by GitHub users' activity

> - empower more contributors in effectively being able to participate in the
>   projects without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
- empower more contributors to effectively participate in the
  project without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code
```

>   projects without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code

Reviewer 8: I don't understand the sentence about "without requiring the security responsibilities...". Is this about an additional burden for the contributor (if you give them elevated permissions on GitHub) or the other contributors who need to check that one more person doesn't abuse their rights? Or something else?

Maybe clarify this a bit more, or remove the sentence. The goal of "empower more contributors.." is a good goal by itself already.

Author: > I don't understand the sentence about "without requiring the security responsibilities...". Is this about an additional burden for the contributor (if you give them elevated permissions on GitHub) or the other contributors who need to check that one more person doesn't abuse their rights? Or something else?

This was worded by @GaelVaroquaux which I think meant that Core Contributors must be careful about new people GitHub permissions and personal security measure (e.g. multi-factor authentication).

> Maybe clarify this a bit more, or remove the sentence. The goal of "empower more contributors.." is a good goal by itself already.

I let Gaël make this point clearer as I also think that empower more contributors is the main goal of this SLEP and that security aspects comes at a later stage (they need not be mentioned in this section IMO).

  changes to the main branches. These considerations should lead to the
  diversification of contribution paths [4]_.

> Rather than introducing a fully new fledge structure and Governance, we
> propose getting in a state which allows small incremental changes overtime.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Rather than introducing a new structure and Governance in a "big bang", we
propose changes which allow for small incremental changes over time.
```

Author: I think the following is a bit more common and formal:
```suggestion
Rather than introducing a new structure and Governance in a hurry, we
propose changes which allow for small incremental changes over time.
```
What do you think?

Reviewer 8: I agree "big bang" is a colloquial/not formal.

I think the meaning of the two is different though. You could introduce a big or a small change "In a hurry", for me it means you are in a hurry/want to do something a little bit too quickly.

With "big bang" I was thinking more along the lines of "making lots of/big changes all in one go" (as in the opposite of incremental changes).

Author: Ah yes, I have not caught up this meaning.

Is this phrasing in phase which what you meant?

```suggestion
Rather than introducing entirely new and noteworthy structure and Governance,
we propose changes to the existing ones which allow for small incremental
modifications over time.
```

Author: Then, the simpler the better:
```suggestion
Rather than introducing entirely new structure and Governance, we propose
changes to the existing ones which allow for small incremental modifications
over time.
```

Proposed changes
----------------

> Some of the proposed modification have been informally discussed in monthly meetings,
> namely on April 25th 2022 [5]_ and on September 5th 2022 [6]_ meetings.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Some of the proposed modification have been discussed in the monthly meetings,
on April 25th 2022 [5]_ and September 5th 2022 [6]_.
```
Words ending in -ly are usually unnecessary (see what I did there?) and just add "verbal fat"

Author: Let's make it a fat-free text!

> Define "Contributions" explicitly
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Give more emphasis to the notion of contribution at large (beyond code) in our
> wording.

Reviewer 8: I find this confusing. Based on the previous headline "proposed changes" I was expecting to read about a change. The sub-heading says "Define contributions explicitly" but then the sentence following it doesn't actually do that. So by the end I'm left puzzled as to what the change is you are proposing.

```suggestion
Define "Contributions" more broadly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Emphasize the importance of non-code contributions in the Governance structure.
```

I'm not sure this is what you were trying to say, it is an interpretation. Maybe reword it?

Author: Re-reading it, it is confusing yet.

Building on top of your suggestion, I think we meant the following:

```suggestion
Define "Contributions" more broadly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Explicitly define Contributions and emphasize the importance of non-code
contributions in the Governance structure.
```

Reviewer 8: Sounds good.

Create a Triagers Team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Create a Triagers Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub [7]_ 

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Create a Triage Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub [7]_ 
```
see below for why I think this is a good idea

to be able to perform triaging tasks, such as editing issues' description.

Define "Core Contributors"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To give decision power to members of our community responsible for the various
> aspects of the project, we will list the follow teams as being team
> of "Core Contributors", called "Core Teams":

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Establish all members of the following teams as "Core Contributors":
```

I think in this section you want to define who the "core contributors" will be, and not also do other things.

>   - Triagers Team
>   - Communication Team
>   - Core Developers Team

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  - Triage Team
  - Communication Team
  - Developer Team
```
I'd remove the "core" everywhere to have them all on the same level. Same for Triage, Communication, Developer. Triagers and Developers are (maybe) made up words that describe a group, and then it should be Communicators Team. I think Triage, Communication and Developer Team is simpler English and prettier (for my eyes).

Author: This is right, I do not like "Core" being duplicated. Based in discussions we had with @Micky774 in https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#discussion_r997584184, I guess Core-Developers was preferred for backward compatibility.

For consistency, I think we can even word it as:
```suggestion
  - Triage Team
  - Communication Team
  - Development Team
```

Reviewer 8: Works for me.

> Contributors are promoted as Core Contributor as part of one of the Core Teams,
> after the proposal of at least another Core Contributor. This promotions
> is effective after a vote on the private mailing list which must last for two
> weeks and which must reach at least two-thirds positive majority of the cast votes.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
A contributor is promoted to a Core Contributor after being proposed by at
least one existing Core Contributor. The proposal must specify which Core Team the contributor
will be part of. The promotion is effective after a vote on the private core contributor 
mailing list which must last for two weeks and which must reach at least two-thirds
positive majority of the cast votes.
```

Author: Thanks! I've updated your suggestion to justify its text and to capitalize "contributor(s)".

Extend voting rights
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Give voting rights beyond to all member of Core Teams.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Give voting rights to all Core Contributors.
```

Simplify subsequent changes to the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> With acceptance of this SLEP, changes to the scikit-learn Governance concerning the
> following aspects will not require being backed by a SLEP in the future:

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Allow changes to the following aspects of the scikit-learn Governance without requiring a SLEP:
```

Author: Thanks! I've updated your suggestion to justify its text.

  - additions and changes to Roles' and Teams' scopes
  - additions and changes to Roles' and Teams' permissions

> Still any changes to scikit-learn Governance (including the ones which will not require
> being back by a SLEP) will still be subject to the decision making process [8]_,
> which includes a Core Contributors' vote.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Any changes to the scikit-learn Governance (including ones which do not require
being back by a SLEP) will continue to be subject to the decision making process [8]_,
which includes a vote of the Core Contributors.
```

If subsequent changes to the Governance are proposed through a GitHub Pull Request (PR):

 - a positive vote is cast by approving the PR (i.e. "Approve" review)

>  - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
 - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review)
 
The system of Pull Request approvals will replace a vote on the private core contributors
mailing list.
```

A useful clarification, I think. A unsolved question is how long the "PR vote" has to last. Maybe worth clarifying.

Author: Thanks! I've updated your suggestion to justify its text, to capitalize "contributor(s)" and to remove a space.

I think since this is a vote, it implies that it lasts for the same period (i.e. one month).

I think we can be extra cautious:

```suggestion
 - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review)

In this case, the vote still has to be announced on the Core Contributors' mailing
list, but the system of Pull Request approvals will replace a vote on the private
Core Contributors' mailing list.
```

What do you think? Should we precise a specific template for this kind of Pull Request (such as [the description of this Pull-Request](https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#issue-1371468001))?

Reviewer 8: Looks good to me.

Regarding template: I'd wait and see what happens. Following your intention of "small changes"

.. epigraph::
  "When some people join an open source project, they may be asked to contribute
  with tasks that will never get them on a path to any sort of official input,
  such as voting rights."

Desired Goal: incrementally adapt the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We need to:

- value non-coding contributions in the project and acknowledge all efforts,
  including those that are not quantified by GitHub users' activity
- empower more contributors to effectively participate in the
  project without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code
  changes to the main branches. These considerations should lead to the
  diversification of contribution paths [4]_.

Rather than introducing a fully new fledge structure and Governance, we
propose getting in a state which allows small incremental changes overtime.

Proposed changes
----------------

Some of the proposed modification have been discussed in the monthly meetings,
on April 25th 2022 [5]_ and September 5th 2022 [6]_.

Define "Contributions" explicitly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Give more emphasis to the notion of contribution at large (beyond code) in our
wording.

> Create a Triagers Team
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Author: Based on https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74/files#r1001937281.
```suggestion
Create a Triage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Maintainers). Their active and consistent contributions are recognized by them:

- being part of scikit-learn organisation on GitHub
- receiving “commit rights” to the repository
- having their review recognised as authoritative
- having vote rights for the project direction (promoting a contributor to be a
  core-developer, approving a SLEP, etc.)

However, there are a lot of other ways to contribute to the project, whose
efforts are actually not recognized [1]_. To quote Melissa Weber Mendonça [2]_ and
Reshama Shaikh [3]_:

.. epigraph::
  "When some people join an open source project, they may be asked to contribute
  with tasks that will never get them on a path to any sort of official input,
  such as voting rights."

Desired goal
~~~~~~~~~~~~

We need to:

- value non-coding contributions in the project and acknowledge all efforts,
  including those that are not quantified by GitHub users' activity
- empower more contributors in effectively being able to participate in the
  projects without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code
  changes to the main branches. These considerations should lead to the
  diversification of contribution paths [4]_.

> Hence, we propose to explicitly definite Contributions, Roles and Teams.

Reviewer 4: typo?

```suggestion
Hence, we propose to explicitly define Contributions, Roles and Teams.
```

Limited changes to the governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This SLEP proposes an incremental change to the governance model. It
acknowledges that more could be done, defining more roles and teams. In the
spirit of iterations, the idea is to implement a first change to the governance,
evolve our community accordingly, and later propose new changes based on the
understanding of the resulting community dynamics.

Proposed modifications
----------------------

The proposed modification have been informally discussed in monthly meetings,
namely on April 25th 2022 [4]_ and on September 5th 2022 [5]_ meetings. 

New teams
~~~~~~~~~

**"Create "Core Triagers" Team"**

> Create a "Core Triagers" team, given commit rights as a way to circumvent
> limitations in Github's permission system's limitation (such as limited rights
> for triage such as being able to edit issues' description). People in this team
> should not push code on upstream nor merge PRs, but they would be trusted and
> this restriction would be socially enforced without a specific GitHub mechanism.

Reviewer 9: The main branch (the release branches too) are protected. To push code directly one needs to have "Maintain" or "Admin" rights. "Write" access could be enough for triagers, but @thomasjpfan was concerned about write access on the scikit-learn secrets. I can't find any reference about that on the [github page](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/repository-roles-for-an-organization).

I am clarifying this point because it may not be necessary to look in detail at actions that people will not be able to perform (as this would also change with github evolving).

Something like (feel free to improve)
```suggestion
Create a "Core Triagers" team, given extended rights as a way to circumvent
limitations in Github's permission system (such as limited rights
for triage such as being able to edit issues' description). People in this team will be trusted for the management of the issue tracker and be asked to not intervene in the maintenance of the repository or the organization infrastructure.
```

Author: I agree with this rewording.

Since you mention having "Write" accesses, I think we could add it to this paragraph. Also, I propose a few minor rewording change (adapting some phrases and adding lines breaks for proper formatting):
```suggestion
Create a "Core Triagers" team, given commit rights as a way to circumvent
limitations in GitHub's permission system's limitation (such as limited rights
for triage such as being able to edit issues' description).
People in this team would have the "Write" access in the GitHub organisation,
but should not push code on upstream nor merge PRs. They would be trusted and
this restriction would be socially enforced without a specific GitHub mechanism.
```

Reviewer: From memory, the secrets discussion was a separate one for giving core developers "Admin" permissions, which has access to the secrets.

For Core triagers, "Write" permissions are fine. We have branch protection rules in place, which only allows core-devs to push to `main` and release branches:

![Screen Shot 2022-10-07 at 3 06 17 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5402633/194636248-15d30c92-cb6d-467e-b298-edcf468d65a9.jpg)

If you are not in the core-dev team, this should also block merging pull requests:

![Screen Shot 2022-10-07 at 3 07 18 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5402633/194636346-ed6a9313-4d13-4c74-af1c-825e8f406aac.jpg)

**"Recurring "Contributors" Team**

> Create a "Recurring Contributors" team on GitHub, which has no specific GitHub

Reviewer: If someone is organizing events, helping with sprints, reviewing PRs, or helping other contributors, then I would want them directly in the Contributor Experience Team. These individuals have demonstrated a willingness to help with the project.

From my experience with other non-technical volunteer-lead organizations, named roles are given to individuals by giving them more responsibilities. This turns into a sense of ownership for the group's goals.

Is the Recurring Contributors Team, only for acknowledgement without any responsibility? In that case, I do not think it benefits the project or the contributor. For example, if someone put "scikit-learn's Recurring Contributor Team" on a CV, how would they describe that role to a interviewer?

Reviewer 5: @thomasjpfan 
For PyMC, they use a private Slack for the team.  Recurring contributors (+ GSOC students + project contractors) are invited to join the Slack and join the discussions.  Otherwise, they are not listed on the website or anything else.  

I believe the intention is to recognize and engage recurring contributors who may potentially become team members.  
For example, the team in 2020 planned an online conference [PyMCon 2020](https://pymc-devs.github.io/pymcon/) and recurring contributors may be interested in being more involved.

Reviewer 9: > From memory, the secrets discussion was a separate one for giving core developers "Admin" permissions, which has access to the secrets.
> 
> For Core triagers, "Write" permissions are fine. We have branch protection rules in place, which only allows core-devs to push to main and release branches:

@thomasjpfan here the [thread](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/scikit-learn-internal@python.org/thread/25STYE5RT44NP3VTUUXJ4O67YBCLZGRP/#25STYE5RT44NP3VTUUXJ4O67YBCLZGRP) where you summarize that giving 'write' access to triaging people is not a possible solution.

Reviewer: Ah I see. I mixed up that mailing list discussion with the recent discussion about triage permissions during the [09-2022 meeting](https://github.com/scikit-learn/administrative/blob/master/meeting_notes/2022-09-27.md#topics).

Looking at the [github docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) the secrets require "admin" permissions, which is a few levels above "write". With that I think it is okay to give "write" permissions to triage members now.

Reviewer: From https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#discussion_r990550815, if PyMC does not have a public facing website with "Recurring Contributors", then I'm less convinced to have it here. PyMC's "Recurring Contributors" is a semi-private list of people that are interested in being more involved, such as a sprint. A semi-private list on Slack seems much easier to manage than a public facing list.

We can do these differently here and have a publicly facing list, but my concerns from https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#discussion_r990441515 remains.

Reviewer: As for https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#discussion_r991181443, @adrinjalali mentioned that he wanted to keep the governance short on purpose, but that is a separate topic.

As for recurring contributors it's only responsibility is:

```
- Willing to attend events and sessions organized by their team.
```

I think organizing events require leadership from the core team. For me, attending events is not much of a responsibility because it can be done passively. (I'm guessing PyMC's sprint was lead by their core team and called for volunteers from their recurring contributors list)

Reviewer 5: @thomasjpfan PyMC's sprint was led by me (at Data Umbrella with contributions from my team at DU) and one of the core team members at PyMC was involved in helping set up the website.

Reviewer 5: > If someone is organizing events, helping with sprints, reviewing PRs, or helping other contributors, then I would want them directly in the **Contributor Experience Team**. These individuals have demonstrated a willingness to help with the project.
> 
> From my experience with other non-technical volunteer-lead organizations, named roles are given to individuals by giving them more responsibilities. This turns into a sense of ownership for the group's goals.
> 
> Is the Recurring Contributors Team, only for acknowledgement without any responsibility? In that case, I do not think it benefits the project or the contributor. For instance, if someone puts "scikit-learn's Recurring Contributor Team" on a CV, how would they describe that role to an interviewer?

@thomasjpfan Some of my thoughts on this are below:
a) I'm not a big fan of the term "contributor experience team" because it centers around the contributor, but we have more users than contributors and much of what we do is for the user.  But, that's a side point.  I didn't vote for this name change, though it did receive the majority of votes.  

b) Can you give examples of "other non-technical volunteer-lead organizations"? 

c) > Is the Recurring Contributors Team, only for acknowledgement without any responsibility? In that case, I do not think it benefits the project or the contributor. For instance, if someone puts "scikit-learn's Recurring Contributor Team" on a CV, how would they describe that role to an interviewer?

The recurring contributor is one who has made a/some notable contributions, is being acknowledged and may have a path forward to becoming a core contributor. This role is not solely to build a resume, but to build contributorship towards the project, if they wish. 

d) >If someone is organizing events, helping with sprints, reviewing PRs, or helping other contributors, then I would want them directly in the Contributor Experience Team. These individuals have demonstrated a willingness to help with the project.

This seems to be a chicken/egg issue. Someone needs to help with sprints and more before they can be on the "Contributor Experience Team".  If they've never done it before, then they can't be on the Team first, but they can help and contribute first, and the "recurring role" provides this opportunity.

Reviewer 2: > The recurring contributor is one who has made a/some notable contributions, is being acknowledged and may have a path forward to becoming a core contributor. This role is not solely to build a resume, but to build contributorship towards the project, if they wish.

To this end, I am very interested in @adrinjalali's comment regarding ["scikit-learn fellows"](https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#issuecomment-1273239135) (with names being discounted for now). In general, I think that a more granular path towards long-term contributions and stewardship, in _any_ capacity, is a good thing for the health of the project. However I think there is much to be gained by making it more explicit, as several have mentioned so far. To that end, I like the idea of having two paths:

People may be _nominated_ for a "recurring contributor" position by any core contributor, and if an internal vote is successful, then the contributor's acceptance results in an immediate inclusion to the role.

OR 

People may nominate themselves, in which case relevant core contributors may either support their nomination (for governance sake this would be equivalent to nominating the contributor themselves), or if there exists a gap, provide an explicit path towards acceptance. Of course this isn't so much a quantitative decision boundary, but a heuristic that offers a direction for growth. Something like "contribute more to discussion regarding..." or "try your hand at reviewing some PRs such as..."

Either way, to _maintain_ their position in this role, they must meet expectations regarding activity/participation. In this way, it offers recognition for efforts **and** provides explicit direction towards elevated rights vis-a-vis core positions.

This way recurring (even if not very frequent) contributors may be recognized and encouraged, while new/aspiring contributors may be inspired and supported.

Reviewer 5: I want to acknowledge that scikit-learn and PyMC are different projects of different breadths, in terms of user base, contributors, etc.  And I don't believe there needs to be a 1-to-1 replication of their workflow.  There are some things I think scikit-learn does very well, and there are some things I observe other open source projects do well that could benefit scikit-learn. 

I would like to share some observations on the "recurring contributor" role that I have observed in the PyMC project (https://github.com/pymc-devs).  Whenever a community contributor has made a range of contributions that are notable (Example:  significant pull requests, reviewing pull requests, specific expertise (conda feedback), answering user questions on platforms (GH, Discourse), creating educational material, organizing sprints, organizing their annual conference PyMCon, GSOC students, etc), they are invited to the PyMC Slack team where the "core team" shares, communicates, discusses, shares fun tweets, conferences and more. It's a very laid-back, friendly and welcoming community atmosphere. They have:
- 48 people on the GitHub team (https://github.com/orgs/pymc-devs/people)
- 70 people in Slack

The benefits to this are many:  
- a way for the recurring community member to connect to the core team
- an opportunity to see what areas need more help and who might be interested in contributing (particular issue with a PR, organizing an event, help with a particular issue, etc) 
- an opportunity for GSOC students to remain connected and continue to be a contributor to the project, if they wish. (and many GSOC students do continue to stay involved in the project)

I currently observe these routes for the community members to join the scikit-learn team:
- high level researcher at an institution, as a profession
- employee at INRIA (some folks here)
- someone who organized sprints for 3-4 years and created educational resources (me)
- referred by a current team member (Lauren)
- mentored by a current team member (some folks here)
 
The recurring role provides an avenue aside from one of the above to become a core contributor.  Its name can be discussed (recurring, fellow (although that leans towards men, semantically speaking, but then so much of our society does)). 

It used to be that only high level researchers were able to become core team members (and this SLEP is here to extend that ;) ).

permissions, and in which we easily add people. The goal of this team is to
acknowledge people's contributions, by displaying them as part of the
scikit-learn organization on Github [6]_ on their GitHub profile, and on the
project's website "About Us" webpage [7]_.

A Contributor is added to the "Recurring Contributor" team after championing by
three Core contributors (notion of "Core contributors" as defined below).

> **"Create "Experts" Team**

Reviewer 4: I think the point @GaelVaroquaux made with which I agree, was that there is a different between recurring contributors and the experts we trust for reviews. We'd like to acknowledge recurring contributors, but we don't necessarily want that to mean we trust their reviews.

I was more on the side of having several teams for each subject, but seems like we'd like to start with a single team, which basically means "we trust your reviews, but not on everything". I'm happy to start with that, but it doesn't make it easy to tag them. Ideally, we could do something like: `@scikit-learn/tree-experts` please review

> **"Create "Experts" Team**

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we have enough experts to warrant such fine-grained management (e.g. `tree-experts` vs `manifold-experts` etc.). I like the idea of having a group of members whose reviews are trusted locally but not globally. For such contributors/experts, I would prefer their expertise be recorded person-by-person, rather than attributed to a particular team (at least until there's enough to justify such teams). It could be tracked on a document such as our current [list of reviewers](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/wiki/Available-reviewers).

> **"Create "Experts" Team**

Reviewer 10: An idea is code owners: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners

> **"Create "Experts" Team**

Author: I like the idea of setting up code-owners, but I think this feature probably better be used to indicate maintainers rather than experts for each part of the project code-base?

> **"Create "Experts" Team**

Reviewer 11: Looking for a solution that has high inclusivity, high quality, low bureaucracy, easy for core devs to use...

Explicitly introducing the idea of teams for certain parts of the codebase has the advantage that even a core dev that might not know who to delegate to will get some clues from the membership of a team. It also makes it clear that a member might nominate themselves as a reviewer for a specific pr, subject to core dev approval.

However, do we want this formal ownership structure to disallow ad hoc review delegation, such as in the case that there is a very specific piece of code for which someone is expert (too fine grained to create a team)?

As such, I don't think we should encode the specific mechanism of cataloging and proscribing individual contributors' expertise in the governance doc. Once we describe the general power of delegation and introduce the notion of non-committer org members, the team can organically develop management practices around these expert resources.

> Create a "Experts" team, also without specific GitHub permissions. Core

Author: > It seems strange that one needs 3 approvals to become a recurring contributor.

This was proposed by @GaelVaroquaux. I would propose something more in line with what exists today, that is having someone be proposed by another person of the role of promotion and have them get this role after a period of one month if no-ones disagrees. [This is proposed in the associated PR](https://github.com/jjerphan/scikit-learn/commit/da23141768a58e362087c9ccf6774871376ed6d6#diff-1bc88ee27d61654009a440dafc16e35fc3ccb64d78db4a07316afd7348793befR87-R88):

> Contributors are promoted as Recurrent Contributors after the proposal of at least another Recurrent Contributor and after a vote on the private mailing list.

developers can delegate PR approval rights to someone in this team so that the
PR can be merged with one approval from a Core Developer and one approval from

> the delegated expert.

Reviewer 4: Is it that they delegate, or that we change our PR merge policy to: two approvals, at least one from a core dev?

> the delegated expert.

Reviewer 11: I understood this to mean: merge with one core developer approval and one other approval from either a core developer or a delegate of a core developer. 

It's unclear to me whether there is a risk of abuse when one core developer is both approver and delegator.

Copyright
---------

This document has been placed in the public domain [8]_.

References and Footnotes
------------------------

.. [1] Amanda Casari on ACROSS and Measuring Contributions in OSS, Sustain:
    https://podcast.sustainoss.org/111 

.. [2] Contributor experience, diversity and culture in Open Source Projects,
    keynote from Melissa Weber Mendonça: https://2022.pycon.de/program/NVBLKH/

.. [3] Reshama Shaikh's quote from Melissa Weber Mendonça' keynote:
    https://twitter.com/reshamas/status/1513488342767353857

.. [4] NumPy Newcomer's Hour: an Experiment on Community Building, talk from 
    Melissa Weber Mendonça: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0XZQbu0xnw

.. [5] Scikit-learn April 25th 2022 Developer meeting notes:
    https://github.com/scikit-learn/administrative/blob/master/meeting_notes/2022-04-25.md

.. [6] Scikit-learn September 5th 2022 Developer meeting notes:
    https://github.com/scikit-learn/administrative/blob/master/meeting_notes/2022-09-05.md

.. [7] Scikit-learn organisation on GitHub: https://github.com/scikit-learn

.. [8] Scikit-learn documentation, About Us:
    https://scikit-learn.org/stable/about.html

> .. [9] Open Publication License: https://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

Reviewer 5: ..  [10] J. -G. Young, A. Casari, K. McLaughlin, M. Z. Trujillo, L. Hébert-Dufresne and J. P. Bagrow, "Which contributions count? Analysis of attribution in open source," 2021 IEEE/ACM 18th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), 2021, pp. 242-253, doi: 10.1109/MSR52588.2021.00036.

Reviewer 5: Not sure I succeeded in adding this reference, so here it is again:

J. -G. Young, A. Casari, K. McLaughlin, M. Z. Trujillo, L. Hébert-Dufresne and J. P. Bagrow, "Which contributions count? Analysis of attribution in open source," 2021 IEEE/ACM 18th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), 2021, pp. 242-253, doi: 10.1109/MSR52588.2021.00036.

Reviewer 9: The ArXiv link with accessible pdf is
https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.11007

Author: Thanks for sharing the reference, @reshamas. As its content overlap with the podcast's but is the primary source of information, I think it makes sense replacing the podcast reference with this one. What do you think?

Author: 46044845f41f11f348fdb92df57919521769adc9 replaced the first reference with the one proposed in https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#discussion_r980297836.

  - Communication Team
  - Development Team

A Contributor is promoted to a Core Contributor after being proposed by at least
one existing Core Contributor. The proposal must specify which Core Team the
Contributor will be part of.
The promotion is effective after a vote on the private Core Contributor mailing
list which must last for two weeks and which must reach at least two-thirds
positive majority of the cast votes.

Extend voting rights
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Give voting rights to all Core Contributors.

Simplify subsequent changes to the Governance
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Allow changes to the following aspects of the scikit-learn Governance without
requiring a SLEP:

  - additions and changes to Roles' and Teams' scopes
  - additions and changes to Roles' and Teams' permissions

Any changes to the scikit-learn Governance (including ones which do not require
being back by a SLEP) will continue to be subject to the decision making process [8]_,
which includes a vote of the Core Contributors.

If subsequent changes to the Governance are proposed through a GitHub Pull Request (PR):

 - a positive vote is cast by approving the PR (i.e. "Approve" review)

>  - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review)

Reviewer 12: <img width="450" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7454015/199036532-f4746a79-a46c-49c6-bf59-db69e0d9066d.png">

>  - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review)

Author: Then I think we can have people indicate (the reason for) their negative vote?

Namely:

"I cast a negative vote (because […])."

In this case:
```suggestion
 - a negative vote is cast by requesting changes to the PR (i.e. "Request changes" review,
   with a message as simple as "I cast a negative vote (because […])." as GitHub request
   it.)
```

This can also be indicated in a footnote (which I prefer as it is a detail).

What do you think?

   with tasks that will never get them on a path to any sort of official input,
   such as voting rights."

Desired Goal: incrementally adapt the Governance
================================================

We need to:

-  value non-coding contributions in the project and acknowledge all
   efforts, including those that are not quantified by GitHub users'
   activity

-  empower more contributors to effectively participate in the project
   without requiring the security responsibilities of tracking code
   changes to the main branches. These considerations should lead to the
   diversification of contribution paths [4]_.

Rather than introducing entirely new structure and Governance, we
propose changes to the existing ones which allow for small incremental
modifications over time.

******************
 Proposed changes
******************

Some of the proposed modification have been discussed in the monthly
meetings, on April 25th 2022 [5]_ and September 5th 2022 [6]_.

Define "Contributions" more broadly
===================================

Explicitly define Contributions and emphasize the importance of non-code
contributions in the Governance structure.

> Renew the Technical Committee into a Steering Committee

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
Rename the Technical Committee into a Steering Committee
```

Author: "Renew" is probably not the best verb, but "Rename" (used bellow) does not indicate that the members of the Committee will be Core Contributors (this is somewhat implicit, but I would rather make it explicit).

Do you have a suggestion for a verb that would carry this meaning? Is "Revamp" better?

Reviewer 4: Probably "evolve" is a more apt verb then. Since we're not doing it immediately anyway.

Reviewer 8: I like evolve.

Author: So would "Make the Technical Committee evolve into a Steering Committee" work?

Reviewer 4: Or "Evolve Technical Committee into a Steering Committee"

Author: IIRC, "to evolve" is intransitive as a verb (hence my previous annoying proposal).

Reviewer 4: I asked a native speaker and what I wrote sounded okay to her :D

Author: Legal enough. :smile:
98338fae6beb49efabb92854828d1657246fab43 rewords the title for using this phrase.

========================================================

Rename "Technical Committee" to "Steering Committee".

Define the Steering Committee as a subset of Core Contributors rather
than a subset of Core Developers.

Create a Triage Team
====================

Create a Triage Team which would be given "Write" permissions on GitHub
[7]_ to be able to perform triaging tasks, such as editing issues'
description.

Define "Core Contributors"
==========================

Establish all members of the following teams as "Core Contributors":

   -  Triage Team
   -  Communication Team
   -  Development Team

A Contributor is promoted to a Core Contributor after being proposed by
at least one existing Core Contributor. The proposal must specify which
Core Team the Contributor will be part of. The promotion is effective
after a vote on the private Core Contributor mailing list which must
last for two weeks and which must reach at least two-thirds positive
majority of the cast votes.

Extend voting rights
====================

Give voting rights to all Core Contributors.

Simplify subsequent changes to the Governance

> =============================================

Reviewer 2: As discussed during the drafting meeting, this section does not yet specify the duration of the votes instituted through PRs. We ought to make this explicit -- perhaps 4 weeks as is standard for SLEPs would still be appropriate for governance changes?

.. _slep_019:

> ====================================================================
> SLEP019: Governance Update - Better Recognize Non-Code Contributions
> ====================================================================

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
====================================================================
SLEP019: Governance Update - Recognizing Contributions Beyond Code
====================================================================
```

Reviewer 5: @jjerphan 
What do you think of this updated title?  I think using "non-code" provides a separation in a binary way, and we could do it more on a gradient.

Author: I like your suggestion one and have had proposed a similar one for the title in https://github.com/scikit-learn/enhancement_proposals/pull/74#discussion_r996863645.

In the meantime, @adrinjalali suggested the wording used in the current title in the same comment thread.

Probably we can find a title caring both intended meaning?
